what's up everybody its creamy on
YouTube rustling fears heavyweight
champion and as you know coming up on
March 27th at 5:30 p.m. Eastern I am
going to go one-on-one with the evil
mailman in the most intense match and
Grimm's toy show history I am going to
dismember this motherfucker and it is
going to be memorable now one of the
coolest things that people do in YouTube
all the time they watch matches they
watch TV shows they watch whatever they
watch and they record themselves
watching it like I'm watching
WrestleMania oh my god
who's gonna win people post their
reactions well I thought to myself I
want to see you guys react to my match
how cool would that be I want you guys
to record yourself as you watch Grimm
beat the ever-loving crap out of the
mailman this Friday set the camera up
film yourself as you watch it cuz you
know what you're gonna be sitting there
and you're gonna be like this and then
is what you do make the video of you
guys reacting to Grimm tweet me the link
or email me the link the information is
across the bottom of the screen and then
I'm gonna watch them I'm gonna see who
had the coolest reactions to my match
who was like holy shit who was like oh
my god this is amazing
who was like this sucks okay I want to
know your honest thoughts I want to see
your reactions and then on Twitter you
know we'll discuss the reactions and
we'll discuss what you guys might get
out of making these cool ass videos
because you know Graham has a lot of
extra figures floating around here so
you know you never know what might
happen if you make one of these videos
and send it to me I can't wait to see it
I can't wait to see what you guys think
of this match because I promise you I am
going to kick some ass
read the description if you don't
understand what I said and I thank you
guys for watching and enjoy the match
gonna read boys Krim ease gonna kill you
grim is gonna kill you